Support go-micro framework with v4 version (#46)
apache/skywalking-go: docs/en/development-and-contribution/development-guide.md

4. Once the above steps are all set, call `span.AsyncFinish()` in any goroutine.
5. When the `span.AsyncFinish()` is complete for all spans, the all spans would be finished and report to the backend.

#### Tracing Context Operation

> In the Go Agent, by default, passes a snapshot of the current Tracing Context when crossing goroutines. 
> However, if you prefer manual management of the Tracing Context across multiple goroutines, please use the following APIs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the Go Agent, Trace Context would continue cross goroutines automatically by default.
However, in some cases, goroutine would be context sharing due to be scheduled by the pool mechanism. Consider these advanced APIs to manipulate context and switch the current context.
```

```go
// CaptureContext capture current tracing context in the current goroutine.

> func CaptureContext()

Reviewer: Missing return value?

Author: updated.

// ContinueContext continue the tracing context in the current goroutine.
func ContinueContext(ctx ContextSnapshot)

// CleanContext clean the tracing context in the current goroutine.
func CleanContext()
```

> Following the previous API define, you should following these steps to use the tracing context API:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Typically, use APIs as following to control or switch the context:
```
